1. table of contents. DONE 2007/11/17

2. number front matter sections in roman. DONE 2007/11/17

3. The bookmarks give no indication that the appendices are
appendices. DONE 2007/11/17

4. Hyperlinks to a section now typically jump to a location just below
the section title, which I find disorienting. Would it be possible to
jump to just before the title?

5. a list of all attributes. 

6. hyperlink the element names in the text to appendix C.  DONE 2007/11/17.

7. index.   Partly done 2007/11/17.

8. give examples link to bibl eg "O what a tangled web we weave" [45]

9. Format appendices using list technology. DONE 2007/11/26.

10. Appendix B - is it useful to have the datatype in a box, rather
    than simply (keeping the special font for
    'data.temporal.iso'). DONE 2007/11/26

11. Appendix C - Where the may-contain list crosses a page boundary,
   this becomes a hyperlink: '1.0. Last updated on 28th October
   2007. 620'.

12. Appendix E clicking reference to Klinkenborg and Cahoon in E.1
    no. 12 has no effect. FIXED 2007/11/30.

13. I would expect journal titles (such as Computers and the
    Humanities) in E.2 to be in italics.  FIXED 2007/11/30. 

14. in E.3.1: 'van derAdriaan Weel'. DONE 2007/11/30.

15. Outdent subsection headings, especially in reference docs?  In the
    reference doc, repeating the name of the thing being documented looks
    silly. either lose the second occurrence, or (my preference) lose the
    first one and embolden the second one. DONE 2007/12/02

16. sansreflist right indent. DONE 2007/11/30.

17. atttribute classes, why in []? - expand with list of attribute
    names. DONE 2007/11/30.

18. @ before attribute name in HTML in elementSpec (cf hand).  DONE 2007/11/30

19. add @ before attname in att classes (and elements). DONE 2007/11/30

20. bit more linespacing in examples? DONE 2007/11/30.

21. model classes(eg model.phrase) show Members as tree diagrams?

22.  the running titles in the appendices contain things like
    'C.0. <biblStruct>'. FIXED 2007/11/30

23. the declaration of the bibl element in the
    appendix runs out of the box (like the place element) 

24. I wouldn't expect element names to be hyphenated? But see
    'signatures' under element catchwords, p. 663, and
    elsewhere. FIXED 2007/11/30.

25. there are French glosses where English has <gloss/>

26. documentation generated in Roma does not show language.

27. The toc goes down too deep and the roman numbers are not uniformly
    right aligned. FIXED 2007/12/01

28. Something weird happened on page lxvii (probably the tagging is at
    fault though it looks ok in the HTML version)

29. Probably the background shading for the examples should be
    different (lighter) from that used for the description line. Or remove
    it. Or replace it with the same kind of box as is used for the
    declaration?

30. In the bibliog, all the references which include a URL starting
    dx.doi.org have come out looking werry strange (tho other URLs are
    OK). FIXED 2007/12/10 (suppress <idno type="doi">)

31. Maybe if the bibliog were set ragged right the spacing would be
    better? REJECTED 2007/12/01

32. the Declaration for a data macro has an unhealthy mixture of fonts
    and no box round it (contrast e,.g. data.xTruthValue with the
    Immediately following macro.limitedContent). FIXED
    2007/12/01. 

33. On page 1060 there is a cross where there should be a superscript
    negative number. (Waiting on font). GONE NOW I HOPE 2007/12/05

34. hyperlinks from the table of contents into chapter 2 go to chapter
    ii (etc.) (if the corresponding section exists in the front matter)

35.  no need for a comma after the element name in the index

36. In the bookmarks, there are two elements without a name (?) after
the certainty element (and page 695 has an unexpected horizontal
line). The same phenomenon in term, specDesc, date.

37. Could you add a bookmark for the index and one for the table of contents?

38. In the index <head> refers to page 51 but occurs on 50 (but
example continues on 51); the element <head> also appears on pages 55
and 80, which do not appear in the index.


* There's some weird left-hand punctuation on 412.

* I think all of the headings could be made more prominent -- for
  example, maybe 2.3 could be larger, 2.3.5 could be made bold at its
  current size, and 2.3.5.1 ("Prose Method") could be made larger.

* the interaction of paragraph indentation and bullet point 
indentation is a little odd: when a paragraph ends with a bulleted 
list (esp. if the next para has one line of text and then another 
list, as on p. xxiii) the bullet is slightly to the left of the first 
word of the paragraph. I wonder whether the solution might be to push 
the bullets slightly further to the right* either to match the 
paragraph indentation or to slightly exceed it.

* same issue, sort of, with numbered lists (as on p. xv): the left 
margin becomes sort of sinuous with all the different indentation 
levels.

* same issue, sort of, with hanging indents (as on p. 23): the 
wrapped second line of those element definitions isn't indented the 
same amount as the paragraph indentation, and looks odd in 
juxtaposition

* the examples (with gray background) seem to have their first lines 
hanging to the left, which isn't usually an ideal arrangement (e.g. 
the examples on pages xl and xli); perhaps better to have the default 
just aligned to the left, unless there's some indentation to make the 
XML structures more legible? NB this seems to be a problem only in 
the first few chapters (those with small roman numeral chapter 
numbers).

* once the numbered headings leave off, there seem to be two further 
heading levels (one of which is on its own line, small, sans-serif; 
the other is run-in, bold, serif). These are both pretty small and 
indistinct (at least in the PDF* it may be easier to see/distinguish 
them in print). In particular, the bold run-in heading may be a 
little odd if it governs a multi-paragraph section, and it's a bit 
hard to parse in all cases. I'm sure you considered continuing the 
heading numbering a bit further down the hierarchy* did it just get 
too cumbersome (1.3.1.2.1)? Could these last two heading levels be 
made a bit more distinct?  I'm sorry I don't have any good concrete 
suggestions here* it is a difficult visual problem.

* a personal hunch: I think it would be better if the section numbers 
in cross-references were not italicized. For instance, on p. 6, the 
cross-reference reads "see section _3.10.2 Creating New Reference 
Systems_". It seems to me more intuitive that "section 3.10.2" is a 
unit of information, and "Creating New Reference Systems" is another, 
and that the italics should be limited to the latter.

* minor inconsistency: cross-references sometimes use the phrasing 
"see section 3.19" and sometimes just "see 3.19".

* in the reference documentation, the enclosing of the gloss in 
parentheses makes sense to those of us who recognize it as a specific 
element, but it's an odd formatting effect for anyone just reading 
that section of the Guidelines. I think it's odd because it's the 
first item in what looks like a descriptive paragraph. The 
parentheses make sense if the gloss immediately follows the element 
name itself:
	<egXML> (example of XML)
but not
	(example of XML) contains...

How about having it as an introductory phrase followed by a colon?
SORT OF FIXED 2007/12/05

* p. li, the examples of language tags has some strange arrangement
with bullets, centering... looks very odd

* p. 2, in the table of modules, text in the left column of the table
is slopping over into the middle column (it might be worth checking
other tabular structures to see whether this might recur elsewhere;
see e.g. p. 11,

* p. 13, second bullet point runs off the page, and first bullet point
is unwieldy
